PSMDB-1503 Added OS list for FIPS (#894)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/fips.md

The FIPS compliance in Percona Server for MongoDB is implemented in the same way, as in MongoDB Enterprise. It is available [Percona Server for MongoDB Pro out of the box](psmdb-pro.md) starting with version 6.0.9-7. You can also receive this functionality by [building Percona Server for MongoDB from source code](install/source.md).

## Platform support

> Starting with Percona Server for MongoDB 6.0.9-7, you can run FIPS mode on all [supported operating systems](https://www.percona.com/services/policies/percona-software-support-lifecycle#mongodb). To run FIPS mode for Percona Server for MongoDB, your Linux system must be configured with the OpenSSL library FIPS certified module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Percona Server for MongoDB 6.0.9-7, you can run Percona Server for MongoDB in FIPS mode on all [supported operating systems](https://www.percona.com/services/policies/percona-software-support-lifecycle#mongodb). To use FIPS mode for Percona Server for MongoDB, your Linux system must be configured with the OpenSSL FIPS certified module.
```
